readme.md, before:

Contactable jQuery plugin.
========================================================

GitHub  : https://github.com/philipbeel/Contactable<br/>
Demo    : http://plugins.theodin.co.uk/jquery/contactable.1.5/<br/>
Website : http://theodin.co.uk<br/>
Email   : contact@theodin.co.uk<br/>
Twitter : @philipbeel<br/>

### Descrpition
Contactable is a jQuery plugin that enables users to incorporate a feature rich contact form into any website running PHP and Apache.

### Usage
Call in the jQuery framework and jquery.contactable.js in your webpage

	<script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.contactable.js"></script>

Create an element in your HTML that you want the contact form to be generated into.

	<div id="contactable"></div>

Initiate the contactable plugin when the page loads

	$('#contactable').contactable({
  		subject: 'A Feeback Message'
 	});

### IMPORTANT
Open the **mail.php** file and look for **CHANGE@YOURADDRESS.COM** and replace with the email address you wish to receive contact messages to.

### Plugin parameters
You can extend the contactables configuration with some of the following configuration

>subject: {String}			 // Email subject heading<br/>
>url: {String}	 			 // URL path of mail.php file **must be absolute**<br/>
>name: {String} 		 	 // Name label<br/>
>email: {String} 			 // Email label<br/>
>dropdownTitle: {String}	 // Dropdown label, if empty no dropdown is displayed<br/>
>dropdownOptions: {Array}    // Select options for dropdown<br/>
>message: {String}			 // Message label<br/>
>submit: {String}	 		 // Label text for the submit button<br/>
>recievedMsg: {String} 	 	 // Message successfully wording<br/>
>notRecievedMsg: {String}    // Message failed wording<br/>
>disclaimer: {String} 		 // Text to display at the bottom of the form<br/>
>hideOnSubmit: {Boolean} 	 // hide the form after submitting it<br/>

Commit message:

Added Java version of mail.php

readme.md, after:

Contactable jQuery plugin.
========================================================

GitHub  : https://github.com/philipbeel/Contactable<br/>
Demo    : http://plugins.theodin.co.uk/jquery/contactable.1.5/<br/>
Website : http://theodin.co.uk<br/>
Email   : contact@theodin.co.uk<br/>
Twitter : @philipbeel<br/>

### Descrpition
Contactable is a jQuery plugin that enables users to incorporate a feature rich contact form into any website running PHP or Java.

### Usage
Call in the jQuery framework and jquery.contactable.js in your webpage

	<script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.contactable.js"></script>

Create an element in your HTML that you want the contact form to be generated into.

	<div id="contactable"></div>

Initiate the contactable plugin when the page loads

	$('#contactable').contactable({
  		subject: 'A Feeback Message'
 	});

### IMPORTANT
Open the **mail.php** file and look for **CHANGE@YOURADDRESS.COM** and replace with the email address you wish to receive contact messages to.

For Java web applications configure JNDI resource for javax.mail.Session for your servlet container (example for Tomcat included), customize **Mail.java**, , and change **CHANGE@YOURADDRESS.COM**.

### Plugin parameters
You can extend the contactables configuration with some of the following configuration

>subject: {String}			 // Email subject heading<br/>
>url: {String}	 			 // URL path of mail.php file **must be absolute**<br/>
>name: {String} 		 	 // Name label<br/>
>email: {String} 			 // Email label<br/>
>dropdownTitle: {String}	 // Dropdown label, if empty no dropdown is displayed<br/>
>dropdownOptions: {Array}    // Select options for dropdown<br/>
>message: {String}			 // Message label<br/>
>submit: {String}	 		 // Label text for the submit button<br/>
>recievedMsg: {String} 	 	 // Message successfully wording<br/>
>notRecievedMsg: {String}    // Message failed wording<br/>
>disclaimer: {String} 		 // Text to display at the bottom of the form<br/>
>hideOnSubmit: {Boolean} 	 // hide the form after submitting it<br/>
